Critique 2

Sophia - The aesthetic of this project is great. It's a nice mix of dark and funky, like those early 2000s grimdark cartoons. I love the colors and the styles of the animations, the entire thing is so distinctive! I would suggest adding an idle animation to the player, though.

Ray - This is an extremely cute game. Espeon's always been my favorite Eveelution, which is a nice bonus. I love the Flipnote-esque animations, it's so charming! I would say that I think it would be better if the animations were closer together? Because there's a lot of empty space between animations, so I'm not sure if I'm still following the path to the next animation or if I've gone off course.

Luis - I love the old Zelda style, it's extremely nostalgic! The fairy, Link running, it's such a throwback to my friend showing me his Gameboy when we were kids, when the only thing I had was the old Pokemon games or the Harry Potter one. Though I think the idle animation should be a little simpler? Like an idle bob, because at the moment it just looks like he's rotating wildly.

Debrief - I just tried to simulate an extremely shitty apartment. Devices on the fritz, broken door, a dog screeching outside. I think I focused too much on the narrative, and less on the actual "interesting" aspect. In which case, I think I would instead focus on making larger appliances with more detailed animations, such as a larger bulb, a more detailed yawning dog, the works. I repurposed the player design from a project I did last year, but made it a little less tropical than its last iteration. While I'm generally satisfied with how this game turned out, I think there's definitely a lot of improvements and changes I can make to it in the future. But more than anything, the least fun I've had with this project has been struggling with Unity's animation interface. I had to do a lot of digging online to find out why it was greyed out most of the time, and even then, when I tried consulting online tutorials, either they used a different version, or there was a setting left unchecked on my end that stopped me for hours.