Critique 1

Hudson - I loved his bear so much! I've always loved minimalism when it comes to styling, and I think the lack of borders and edges really makes it feel distinct? It feels like a Warhol, if that makes sense. I think using whites for the eyes and paw pads of the bear makes it looks much more distinctive than the original photo. You could also possibly add the floor, to get it closer to the picture?

Jiahe - I think this an amazing job depicting a garden. I would normally assume that a risk with trying to render a garden is running into an issue with the greens of different plants all overlapping and getting lost. But here, I can make out every single tree, flower, and plant immediately. A suggestion I have is to portray the sky a little better? At the moment, it looks a bit muted, but I think something as simple as changing the color of the camera or a background image, to get something a little more atmospheric?

Sarah - Geez, this one blew me away the most. The patterning and layering withing the bowl itself is already breathtaking, but the dog itself is also adorable. My one critique is that I think it might be more accurate if the coloration of the dog was just different variations of black and grey? At the moment, it looks more as an actual badger, as opposed to a stylized statuette.

Debrief - I chose this picture while I was out with some friends in San Francisco, in Chinatown. This was in a dim sum place, and while there were a lot of contenders, I just couldn't find anything that topped this one. While I loved trying to make this work, I think the most excruciating thing about this was the objects constantly breaking out of their sorting order. By the end, it was so much of a headache trying to get them working, that I just settled for a general outline. I think this is definitely a case where I prefer GameMaker over Unity, due to how much easier it is to manipulate sprites, and the creativity involved. So I guess my main takeaway is - before trying to do something because you think it's "aesthetic", maybe think about if it's actually practical in the first place.